Suggestion for SIEM (#214)
orcwg/cra-hub: product-definitions/input-to-draft-regulation.md

      <td>
        Products with digital elements that provide the ability to gather data, at least from network components, analyse that data and present it as actionable information for security purposes.
      </td>

>     <td><!-- Comments -->The definition of a SIEM provided here is overly broad and would bring a number of products in scope that provide an aggregation function of logs among many other capabilities. A service that collects logs, events, and traces and forwards them to a data lake for machine learning to be applied later for analysis would also be in scope by this definition. Suggest to clarify that collecting information only (without analyzing for secuirty purposes) such as logging does not qualify a products with digital elements for this category.

Reviewer: Fix typo and broaden machine-learning example.

```suggestion
    <td><!-- Comments -->The definition of a SIEM provided here is overly broad and would bring a number of products in scope that provide an aggregation function of logs among many other capabilities. A service that collects logs, events, and traces and forwards them to a data lake (for example to apply machine learning or provide various business metrics) would also be in scope by this definition. Suggest to clarify that collecting information only (without analyzing for security purposes) such as logging does not qualify a products with digital elements for this category.
```

</td>

>       <td><!-- Proposed change -->Products with digital elements that <span style="color:blue"> analyze and manage logs to identify security threats and events in aggregate, establishing patterns and indicators of suspicious activity for the purpose of threat detection, incident response, and compliance reporting </span> <span style="color:red"> <del> provide the ability to gather data, at least from network components, analyse that data and present it as actionable information for security purposes. </del> </span></td>

Reviewer: Fix tags

```suggestion
      <td><!-- Proposed change -->Products with digital elements that <ins>analyze and manage logs to identify security threats and events in aggregate, establishing patterns and indicators of suspicious activity for the purpose of threat detection, incident response, and compliance reporting</ins><del>provide the ability to gather data, at least from network components, analyse that data and present it as actionable information for security purposes.</del></td>
```
